Newsshopper ===========

Hello,

I'd like to introduce you to a website I've been involved with recently, called 'ecolocal'.

It's a UK-based website aiming to provide news and discussions around three main topics - health, family and all things 'green'. We launched in the
spring and since then a community has formed around the website, posting links to plenty of green resources and submitting simple eco-friendly
tips. Users can also submit news and events to our local sections, making it a good way to find out about village fetes, fund raising events,
farmers markets and swimming baths in your area.

What began as a purely UK specific section of the website now offers support for the US and Australia, with more countries to follow in time. It
would be great if we could discuss some publicity for the website as our brand of healthy, eco-friendly local news works best when we get people
from the local community involved. We've experienced this in the North East, where some local publicity brought in significant amount of local
traffic.

I hope you find this an interesting project as I'd be interested to discuss it with you in more detail.

Many thanks,

Duncan Gough

Techcrunch UK =============

Hello,

I'd like to introduce you to a website I've been involved with recently, called 'ecolocal'.

It's a UK-based website aiming to provide news and discussions around three main topics - health, family and all things 'green'. We launched in the
spring and since then a community has formed around the website, posting links to plenty of green resources and submitting simple eco-friendly
tips. Users can also submit news and events to our local sections, making it a good way to find out about village fetes, fund raising events,
farmers markets and swimming baths in your area.

What began as a purely UK specific section of the website now offers support for the US and Australia, with more countries to follow in time.
Plenty of our visitors come from the US, where there is a real desire to talk about healthy and sustainable living, but we'll always be a UK
focussed website.

I hope you find this an interesting project as I'd be interested to discuss it with you in more detail. I've worked in the past for UpMyStreet and
Time Out and my experiences there make me feel that there's a real need for more local-news based websites that bring internet communities closer
to home, particularly with a 'green' theme. Whilst the site may seem quite traditional in its' aims, I do feel that we are able to address an
audience of less internet savvy users who are looking to use the web to publicise their events and ideas. This 'long tail' of users is where we
feel the future of ecolocal lies.

Many thanks,

Duncan Gough

EHub ====

Hello,

A while back you were kind enough to feature a website I worked on, Millionsofgames.com, both in an interview and a review. I have since moved on
and recently launched a website of my own, called ecolocal. It's a UK-based website aiming to provide news and discussions around three main topics
- health, family and all things 'green'. We launched in the spring and since then a community has formed around the website, posting links to
plenty of green resources and submitting simple eco-friendly tips. Users can also submit news and events to our local sections, making it a good
way to find out about village fetes, fund raising events, farmers markets and swimming baths in your area.

What began as a purely UK specific section of the website now offers support for the US and Australia, with more countries to follow in time.
Plenty of our visitors come from the US, where there is a real desire to talk about healthy and sustainable living, but we'll always be a UK
focussed website.

I hope you find this an interesting project as it would be great to feature on your site again. I've worked in the past for UpMyStreet and Time Out
and my experiences there make me feel that there's a real need for more local-news based websites that bring internet communities closer to home,
particularly with a 'green' theme. Whilst the site may seem quite traditional in its' aims, I do feel that we are able to address an audience of
less internet savvy users who are looking to use the web to publicise their events and ideas. This 'long tail' of users is where we feel the future
of ecolocal lies.

Many thanks,

Duncan Gough

lucy.siegle@observer.co.uk && ecoworrier@thetimes.co.uk ========================== =========================

Eco Biz Plan ============

Eco is split into three separate areas:

1. Local news 
2. Eco discussions 
3. Events

We have a business plan for each of these:

1. Local news - use the SpotRunner model to become an advertiser for highly targetted, cheap local adverts. There is no-one else covering this
outside of local papers.

2. The ad-driven model. Whilst this is just the same as every other Web 2.0 business model, we're not a to-do list, calendar or project management
tool. Our audience is not the same people who read Techcrunch every day, so we're fighting for a less internet savvy audience. Our competitors here
are iVillage, Mumsnet, UpMyStreet and Treehugger.

3. Events in particular highlight how ecolocal can target the 'long tail' of users - we're able to put advertisers in touch with yoga teachers,
life coaches and parents. Our focus on green, parenting and community news is also aimed squarely at middle-class, young families who are using the
internet to research and purchase goods.

Also - newsletter. Also - directory of green supplies - featured guides to green renovations, green babies and toddlers supplies and green local
guides.

Long terms biz plan
===================

Create a network of farmers and sell to them, like http://www.greenleafmarket.com/beta.html
Can then supply local restaurant by putting local organic farmers in touch with their nearest restaurants, etc...